Database: Add isolation level configuration parameter for MySQL (#33830)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/configuration.md

For Postgres, use either `disable`, `require` or `verify-full`.
For MySQL, use either `true`, `false`, or `skip-verify`.

### isolation_level

> Database drivers may support different transaction isolation levels. Currently, only "mysql" driver supports isolation levels. If the value is empty - driver's default isolation level is applied. For "mysql" use "READ-UNCOMMITTED", "READ-COMMITTED", "REPEATABLE-READ" or "SERIALIZABLE".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the MySQL driver supports isolation levels in Grafana. In case the value is empty, the driver's default isolation level is applied. Available options are "READ-UNCOMMITTED", "READ-COMMITTED", "REPEATABLE-READ" or "SERIALIZABLE".
```
